1. Honda has been trialling a number of things to overhaul its beleaguered MotoGP bike, and one such innovation appeared on the RC213V during the opening day of the Buriram test.
2. Factory Ducati rider Marc Marquez set the quickest time on the opening day of the Buriram MotoGP test, leading his brother, Sepang pacesetter Alex Marquezz.
3. Dorna’s sporting director Carlos Ezpeleta has revealed that multiple cities have shown interest in hosting MotoGP’s season launch next year following a successful inaugural event in Bangkok.
4. New Yamaha MotoGP chief Paolo Pavesio says his team wants to regularly challenge for top five positions from the middle of the 2025 season.
5. The Chang International Circuit in Buriram will stage a two-day MotoGP test this week, offering riders and riders the final opportunity to run their bikes before the start of the season at the same venue in early March.
6. Ducati has all but decided to incorporate the 2024 engine on its 2025 MotoGP bike for a number of reasons ahead of this week’s Thailand test.
7. Last week’s Sepang test offered the first opportunity to analyse the performance of MotoGP teams and understand where they stack up against the competition.
8. Live: MotoGP 2025 season launch. ... a class="more" href="http://www.motorsport.com/motogp/news/live-motoGP-2025-season-launch/10694355/?utm_source
9. Honda’s satellite team LCR showcased the MotoGP bikes of Johann Zarco and rookie Somkiat Chantra in Bangkok on Saturday.
10. Aprilia is seeking fresh answers from Michelin about Jorge Martin’s nasty crash in the Sepang MotoGP test, having refuted the French manufacturer’s claim that it was caused by a drop in tyre temperature.
11. Marc Marquez completed a sprint simulation on the final day of MotoGP testing at Sepang, sending out a clear message to his rivals with his incredible pace.
12. VR46 says Fabio Di Giannantonio doesn’t need to apologise for performing a wheelie despite getting injured on the opening day of MotoGP testing at Sepang.
13. Fabio Quartararo believes Yamaha's MotoGP squad delivered a bigger step in performance over the winter break than it did in the five previous seasons combined.
14. Alex Marquez led the way on the third and final day of the Sepang MotoGP test as Ducati riders occupied four of the top five spots in the classification.
15. Michelin’s MotoGP chief Piero Taramasso says Jorge Martin’s crash at the start of the Sepang test was due to a 15C drop in the inside temperature of the rear tyre.
16. Raul Fernandez will be able to take part in next week’s MotoGP test at Buriram after undergoing successful surgery on his fractured finger on Thursday afternoon.
17. Marc Marquez recorded his first Ducati MotoGP crash after 780km in testing.
18. Francesco Bagnaia says he is only 50 per cent sure about Ducati's 2025 MotoGP engine due to the negative impact it has had on braking performance.
19. Aprilia and Michelin are at odds over the cause of Jorge Martin’s crash at the start of MotoGP pre-season testing in Malaysia
20. VR46’s new recruit Franco Morbidelli set the pace on the second day of the Sepang MotoGP test, leading Yamaha’s Fabio Quartararo.
21. Joan Mir is so used to highlighting the flaws of Honda’s MotoGP bike that it was a shock to see him singing praises for its 2025 prototype in Sepang.
22. Jorge Martin will miss the remainder of the Sepang MotoGP test after suffering multiple fractures in a crash on the opening day of the running.
23. Fabio Quartararo set the quickest time on the opening day of the Sepang MotoGP test, while Jorge Martin suffered a huge crash on the Aprilia and was taken to hospital.
24. Reigning MotoGP champion Jorge Martn suffered a horror crash just two hours into the Sepang MotoGP test on Wednesday, forcing medical services to take him to a nearby hospital.
25. MotoGP will host its first full-fledged pre-season test of 2025 at Sepang International Circuit outside Kuala Lumpur on 5-7 February.
26. Honda and Yamaha have resisted as much as they could before surrendering to cruellest evidence and concluding that their methods, infallible until just over five years ago, have become completely obsolete.
27. Valentino Rossi has advised his protege Francesco Bagnaia to ‘not fall into Marc Marquez’s traps’ as the two pair up at the factory Ducati team this year.
28. Factory Yamaha rider Fabio Quartararo topped the times in this week’s MotoGP shakedown test at Sepang with a last-minute flier.
29. Honda has adopted a new colour scheme for the 2025 MotoGP season following the departure of long-time sponsor Repsol.
30. Yamaha and Pramac have revealed their 2025 MotoGP bikes at a joint event in Malaysia on Friday.
31. KTM has revealed that it is already working on MotoGP's next big regulation overhaul for 2027, as it reiterated its intention to stay in the championship for the long term.
32. KTM resisted talking about its financial problems at the launch of its 2025 MotoGP bike on Thursday.br />
33. KTM and its satellite team Tech3 revealed the liveries for their 2025 bikes in a joint event in Malaysia on Thursday.
34. Yamaha will be able to count on the experience of 15-time MotoGP race winner Andrea Dovizioso in this week’s shakedown test at Sepang Circuit in Malaysia.
35. Valentino Rossi’s VR46 team has explained how it is already seeing the impact of its new deal with Ducati in MotoGP.
36. Marc Marquez had to give up his main personal sponsor, Red Bull, to fulfil his plan of joining the factory Ducati team, which is associated with Monster.
37. VR46 rider Franco Morbidelli believes running a year-old Ducati in 2025 will actually benefit him in the upcoming MotoGP season.
38. Alpine has confirmed it will team up with the Pramac MotoGP squad for the 2025 season, becoming the Italian outfit’s “main partner”.
39. Marc Marquez believes it will be “dangerous” to assume the Borgo Panigale marque will remain the benchmark in MotoGP for 2025 and beyond.
40. Marc Marquez's signing elevates Ducati's presence in the global spotlight.
41. Francesco Bagnaia is convinced Marc Marquez will pose the biggest challenge in his pursuit of a third MotoGP title in 2025.
42. VR46 revealed the livery of its 2025 MotoGP bikes at a special launch in Jakarta on Saturday.
43. Creditors filed claims totalling around 2.2 billion euros against KTM AG and its two subsidiaries during the companies' insolvency proceedings in Austria on Friday.
44. Pierer Mobility AG has announced that Stefan Pierer has stepped down as the CEO of Austrian two-wheel manufacturer KTM.
45. Aprilia’s new 2025 MotoGP bike has been revealed at a special launch event at the Sky studios in Milan
46. Francesco Bagnaia insists he will continue to act like a gentleman in MotoGP despite being criticised for lacking aggression on track.
47. Marc Marquez feels it's only "logical" that Francesco Bagnaia will have first say in matters at Ducati, but is confident the Borgo Panigale marque will give him equal treatment in MotoGP this year.
48. Ducati team manager Davide Tardozzi is confident it will be "very easy" to manage former world champions Francesco Bagnaia and Marc Marquez as they team up at its factory MotoGP squad this year.
49. Marc Marquez has admitted he must fight for the 2025 MotoGP title as he joins the factory Ducati team to partner Francesco Bagnaia.
50. Marc Marquez has described his switch to Ducati as the "most important challenge" of his career as he aims for his first MotoGP title since 2019.
